he did not escape six years
it's good
for her I survive and sun
censored by the press on the radio and
the television the rap the neighborhood and the
neighborhood the spiral zero degrees to speak
the truths and shit that there is in our
station and cheering the heart censored
by the letters and rhythms of each
rap song in the neighborhood and the neighborhood
in the inspiration given by talking the
truths without honey nobody does not lie and
today he shouts street revolution in month and
they may not arise when others do
faces as if they gave birth and strongly
you like that we are united water and
our songs like a barrage of
water water for my people for my people
that should be the government's priority
government or the government if we are alone
in the street side by side we are much more
that all all not massive in the
education but the apathetic government believes
that the solution is to come and plant the
doctors come I know we go for everything
promised
you let the whole town get
finds there is a nest a work battled
to resist all this anger when we
see united even the hardest softens
if you are censored for killing like them
They want what I say in my songs not
suits them and they were censored for more
the radio the television the rap is of
neighborhood and the expiration neighborhood to
two for speaking the truths and shits
what's on our station and there
the censored heart is for the letters and
the rhythms of each song the rap in the
neighborhood and the spiral neighborhood of
honored to speak the truths without
honey to the street does not lie does not scream
revolution today my lyrics sound raw no
there is censorship in my song is the scream
against the oppression of an entire
generation that this tired of deceptions and
got tired of lies that you gave us in the
politics and they sell us television the
world is upside down so people do not
see the values ​​are divorced and get married
the police fights that they steal and so
who is safe in a country that
invest in war and forget about
future artists go to jail and
assassins to the government here is not lived here
is survived with a salary there are many
hunger for power and thirst for recognition
and so we have plenty of hate and love are
thirsty I will keep looking for the
loads are balanced so my life is in danger
this rap makes me politically free
wrong I accept the cause the effect
censored the project sworn by the
press form
and neighborhood monkfish television and the
neighborhood of expiration to two for talking
the general truths that there are in our
station and there sends the heart
censored by the lyrics and rhythms
of every rap song in the neighborhood and the
neighborhood in the corner to zero degrees by
throw the truths and street shit do not
lie and scream terra revolutions
it impatiently loses the notion is
clear that this love does not break even a
imitation china in promotion I know that the
world is corrupt as well as the business
of health education or the version is
it's easier for you to die before
there is rehabilitation of the system once
in when it's good to listen to a topic
hit him and tell him how bad it sounds
multinationals breaking the landscape
pollution ruining my trip
nonconformity in my team, me in my
language wants to vomit in the senate and
in some other points of the state its
politics in the shit what matters is
that science is not lost to the final
I am neither from the right nor from the left
I doubt that man has created air for you
I used to when you put a price on it like
church my soul not
censored by the press on the radio and
the television the neighborhood monkfish and the
neighborhood of expiration to two for talking
the truths and shits that there are in
our station and there sends the heart
censored by the lyrics and rhythms
of every rap song in the neighborhood and the
neighborhood in the inspires this organ by
speak the truths without fear since not
lies and today shouts revolution and has
censored in the 12th house in the sweet
months in the scream day the street does not lie
the street does not lie and scream revolutionized
and reinforced